External Links Quick Fixes (404 Errors) (#1768)
smartcontractkit/documentation: src/content/data-feeds/index.mdx

### Price Feeds

> Smart contracts often act in real-time on data such as prices of assets. This is especially true in [DeFi](https://chain.link/data-feeds/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smart contracts often act in real-time on data such as prices of assets. This is especially true in [DeFi](https://chain.link/use-cases/defi).
```
